TITLE:
[CLI] can't specify the artifact cache directory 

LABEL:
c:doc,cli,stale

STATE:
closed

BODY:
**Description**

The [documentation suggests](https://docs.wandb.ai/ref/run/init) that one can specify the artifact cache directory when initializing the run (i.e. `run.init(dir=...)`). 

>  dir (str, optional) 
>  An absolute path to a directory where metadata will be stored. When you call download() on an artifact, this is 
> the directory where downloaded files will be saved. By default this is the ./wandb directory.

However, it appears to me that the artifact directory is hardcoded to `./artifacts`, and the specified `dir` only changes the run metadata directory.  

A quick flick through the codebase for me suggested the [`get_artifacts_cache()`](https://github.com/wandb/client/blob/9238851ecdb33893490034a56478d3a064df1b03/wandb/sdk/interface/artifacts.py#L774) function which indeed does not appear to use the `run` directory. Is the documentation wrong, or is there some way around this (ideally which doesn't use environment variables)?

**Wandb features**

In case it's relevant, the artifact in question is stored on S3. I'm not using any other features of `wandb` other than `Artifact` for this example.

**How to reproduce**

Let's say I'm in directory `~/ml-model` (in all cases let's assume `~` is expanded prior to use, but is used here for clarity) and I run the following in Python:

```python
import wandb
run = wandb.init(dir="~/intended-wandb-directory")
artifact = run.use_artifact("username/project/artifact-name:latest", type="dataset")
artifact.download()
```

This results in

1. **Within `~/intended-wandb-directory`**: a `wandb` directory with the run metadata
2. **Within `~/ml-model`**: an `artifacts` directory with the subdirectory `artifact-name:latest`. I am hoping that this can be moved also within the `~/intended-wandb-directory`.

**Environment**
- OS: Ubuntu 20.04.2 LTS
- Environment: Jupyter Notebook (local)
- Python Version: 3.8.2
- `wandb` Version: 0.10.20


