TITLE:
[Q] wandb keeps complaining "Network error (ConnectTimeout), entering retry loop"

LABEL:
c:misc

STATE:
closed

BODY:
Hello,

I didn't have a problem until yesterday, but I keep getting the connection error recently when I call wandb.init() from the computing server that I use. I can initialize wandb without a problem on my local machine and from an instance on GCP. But really the issue only occurs when I try wandb.init() on the specific server.
 
I really need to run a lot of sweeps and runs right now on the server, but due to the error, I can't do anything...
As per [this](https://github.com/wandb/client/issues/1292), I also tried the solution there, but it didn't solve the issue. Hosting a private server is not a solution in my case, as I don't currently have such a machine (or even time to set things up). 

```python
>>> import wandb
>>> wandb.init()
wandb: W&B API key is configured (use `wandb login --relogin` to force relogin)
wandb: Network error (ConnectTimeout), entering retry loop.
wandb: Network error (ConnectTimeout), entering retry loop.
```
This is the kind of error that I'm getting. The error message appears two times, and then the program just holds still.

Let me know what could quickly fix the issue, or what the cause of this problem would be.
Thanks!


[Additional question]
When I initiate many agents for wandb sweeps, wandb complains about Filestreamrate limit being exceeded. Although this is a totally understandable behavior, I think it might actually be adversely affecting the runtime of my programs... Is this really the case? If so, should I instead use the offline version, and only update the results once all are done? I wonder what would be your suggestion.

