TITLE:
[Feature] Group dependent hyperparameters for sweep efficiency

LABEL:
feature_request,c:sweeps

STATE:
open

BODY:
**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
It is possible to have certain hyperparameters have no effect based on flags set by other hyperparameters (especially categorical)
e.g. if I have a categorical hyperparam `loss_fn` choosing between margin loss and cross-entropy
```yaml
loss_fn:
  values:
  - "margin"
  - "cross-entropy"
```
 and (float) hyperparams `margin` and `temperature` for the two losses respectively
```yaml
margin:
  min: 0.0
  max: 10.0

temperature:
  distribution: log_uniform
  min: -7.0
  max: 0.0
```
then based on the `loss_fn`, one param out of `margin` and `temperature` will be unused.

As far as I know, there is no way to specify these parameter groups. I think having such a nested hyperparameter definition would allow the tuning algorithms to be more efficient:
1. Grid-search/Random-search can avoid redundant configs such as:
`--loss_fn=margin --margin=0.5 --temperature=0.1` and `--loss_fn=margin --margin=0.5 --temperature=1.0`
2. Bayes gets information about all possible values of `temperature` for a given setting of `--loss_fn=margin --margin=0.5`

Is this something W&B could potentially have?

**Describe the solution you'd like**
Being able to define a hierarchy of hyperparameters such that a higher-level hyperparameter marks out certain lower-level hyperparameters as redundant.
E.g. (This is a suggested format given my very limited familiarity with YAML)
```yaml
loss_fn:
  values:
  - "margin"
  - "cross-entropy"

margin:
  min: 0.0
  max: 10.0
  requires:
    param: loss_fn
    value: "margin"

temperature:
  distribution: log_uniform
  min: -7.0
  max: 0.0
  requires:
    param: loss_fn
    value: "cross-entropy"
```

The sweep controller can then sample configs iteratively starting from the least constrained parameters and avoid redundant configs. For Bayes, it can populate additional samples for unused hyperparameters.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
For running the sweep, there's no real solution as such; either run the sweep long enough or create a different sweep for every combination of higher-level categorical hyperparameters. But if you have multiple groups such as this, it gets out of hand quickly. For Bayesian search, it also prevents the reuse of samples across sweeps.

For analysis, it is always possible to see parameter importance and results after filtering based on combinations of higher-level categorical hyperparameters. 

**Additional context**
-

