TITLE:
[CLI] Can't sync wandb run

LABEL:
cli,c:rewind

STATE:
open

BODY:
**Description**
I'm currently using AWS ec2.

Since I want to resume the log of training a deep learning model (which means that I train a single deep learning model, stop in the middle and then resume training), I specified a `id` to `wandb.init()` and set `resume='auto' or `resume=allow`. I found that the wandb logs are resumed well.

However, when I delete the run from the wandb web console, I didn't find that the deleted run is automatically synced with the AWS server. Also, I can hardly sync manually. Everytime I run `python code_of_mine.py`, the terminal outputs `wandb: ERROR Error while calling W&B API: Error 1062: Duplicate entry '569728-hp' for key 'PRIMARY' (<Response [409]>)`.

Then I tried `wandb sync`, the terminal outputs: `No runs to be synced. NOTE: use wandb sync --clean to delete 1 synced runs from local directory.`

Then I tried `wandb sync --clean`, the terminal outputs: `No runs older than 24 hours found`

After 24hours I tried again `wandb sync --clean`, the terminal outputs several message that runs are synced, but I still get the error message above when I run the code.

What should I do?

p.s. The only way I found to use the same id with the same project is: remove the project from the console, re-init wandb in the terminal and create a new project with the same project name, and run the code with the same id.




**Wandb features**
What lines of wandb code are you using? This could be wandb.init(), wandb.log(), or features like the Keras callback, the Hugging Face integration, or PyTorch Lightning integration, for example.

**How to reproduce**
1. Link to a reproducible script we can run to see the bug
2. Describe what we have to do in order to trigger the issue
3. Add a zip file with the run folder 

**Environment**
- OS: Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS
- Environment: AWS
- Python Version: 3.8.10


