TITLE:
[App]: UI summary differs from json summary

LABEL:
app

STATE:
open

BODY:
### Current Behavior

When analysing my runs, there are some experiments without a summary element.
(at first, I through it was my code problem, like not waiting enough to sync before the program finish, SPOILER: it is not)

- When studying the **summary (raw) of a run from the web user interface** (on the overview section), some "updated" elements are missing: ctrl+F of "mIoU" find 8 coincidences (after some seconds).
- When studing the **wandb-summary.json of the same run from the web user interface** (on the files section), all elements are there: ctrl+F of "mIoU" find 12 coincidences.

 I should like to post the summaries but, although the wandb-summary.json only weights 10,2 MB, the summary (raw) is not downloadable, copiable  or printable (because the webpage memory requirement). Then, I will share my links:
For the wandb-summary.json: [https://wandb.ai/ignasi00/platgesBCN/runs/wlq59dbl/files](url)
For the overview: [https://wandb.ai/ignasi00/platgesBCN/runs/wlq59dbl/overview](url)

---

By the way, how can each tab related to a project on wandb.ai require 2 GB of RAM?
By instance, this run is 50 epochs and the plain text json summary weights 10,2 MB which makes approx 0,5 GB for all the run, given that most of the data is not required at the same time, it is scary how it requires that much memory.


### Expected Behavior

The web app should coincide with the summary JSON.

---

The web app should requiere less RAM

### Steps To Reproduce

1. Get my script (wandb obtains the github from my project by itself)
2. Get some semantic segmentation dataset (prepared to work with my dataset objects, by instance ArgusNL)
3. Make the lists for the step 2 dataset.
4. Run my kfolds code with the step 3 lists
5. Check that the run ends succesfully with the full summary
6. Check that wandb web app do not found valid_mIoU on the run summary
7. Check that wandb do not have it on the summary raw of the overview section.
8. Check that wandb do have it on the wandb-summary.json of the files section.

### Screenshots

_No response_

### Environment

OS: Code run on Ubuntu (see the overview for details), web view on Windows 10 pro 64bits (although Google Chrome is a embedded OS)

Browsers: Google Chrome 

Version: Google Chrome 99.0.4844.74 (Build oficial) (64 bits); wandb-0.12.11 



### Additional Context

_No response_

