TITLE:
[CLI]: add_reference does not work if directory is created in s3 web interface

LABEL:
c:artifacts,cli

STATE:
open

BODY:
### Describe the bug

<!--- Description of the issue below  -->
While using reference artifacts in my ML pipeline I noticed that sometimes adding S3 artifacts fails silently.

The issue is related to [the following issue](https://github.com/boto/boto3/issues/2452) on `boto3`, but their maintainers seem to believe this is desired behaviour. As a result there is an incorrect assumption in the `wandb` client.


**The issue can be reproduced with the following steps:**
1. Create a "folder" in the S3 UI and add some files to that folder. For example the folder `s3://my-bucket/foobar/` with files `s3://my-bucket/foobar/file1.txt` and `s3://my-bucket/foobar/file2.txt`
2. Create an artifact using `wandb.Artifact` and store it in `artifact`
3. Add the S3 reference using `artifact.add_reference(s3://my-bucket/foobar/)`

You will see that this returns an empty list and no entries will be added to the artifact.

**Why is this happening**
When we upload files to s3 using `boto3` or the aws cli then the files are placed under their respective keys but the Object with key `s3://my-bucket/foobar/` does not exist. When we create the same files by uploading them trough the S3 UI, then we need to first create the folder and upload them, as a result the Object `s3://my-bucket/foobar/` does exist in this case.

The `wandb.Client` currently assumes that if we cannot load the Object located at the `uri` provided, then it must be a folder and thus it loads all files that have keys with prefix `uri`. However, if we created the files manually trough the S3 UI, then the `wandb.Client` does find the object located at `uri` and just assumes it is a file. As a result, none of the files are added and no exceptions are thrown.


I have located the erroneous piece of code in the `wandb.Client`. It is located `wandb_artifacts.S3Handler.store_path`. 
<!--- A minimal code snippet between the quotes below  -->
```python 
        objs = [self._s3.Object(bucket, key)]
        start_time = None
        multi = False
        try:
            objs[0].load()
        except self._botocore.exceptions.ClientError as e:
            if e.response["Error"]["Code"] == "404":
                multi = True
                start_time = time.time()
                termlog(
                    'Generating checksum for up to %i objects with prefix "%s"... '
                    % (max_objects, key),
                    newline=False,
                )
                objs = (
                    self._s3.Bucket(bucket)
                    .objects.filter(Prefix=key)
                    .limit(max_objects)
                )
            else:
                raise CommError(
                    "Unable to connect to S3 (%s): %s"
                    % (e.response["Error"]["Code"], e.response["Error"]["Message"])
                )
```


### Additional Files

_No response_

### Environment

WandB version:  0.12.6

OS:
ProductName:    macOS
ProductVersion: 12.0.1
BuildVersion:   21A559

Python version: 3.8.12

Versions of relevant libraries:
boto3: 1.21.0


### Additional Context

_No response_

