TITLE:
[CLI]: Wandb syncs different local runs to the same web app run

LABEL:
cli

STATE:
closed

BODY:
### Describe the bug

<!--- Description of the issue below  -->
I have a python code that, by using CPU only, creates an augmented training dataset. After this code is executed and completed, another python code starts a regular training on GPUs using the augmented dataset. wandb.init() is called in this last code, not in the augmentation one.

I also have a bash script that runs the augmentation script followed by the training script and I'm running a sweep on this bash script to tune the hyperparameters of the dataset augmentation (I have parameters like brightness, contrast, blur etc. that I want to tune). 

Wandb web app perfectly detects the run since the augmentation phase, even if I'm not using wandb.init in that phase, but it happens that those runs are considered as "crashed" by the wandb web app after a while even if they're still going on and they didn't crash locally.

Then, when the training starts, the run is recovered by wandb web app and it appears as running in the web app, however wandb syncs those local runs to previous web app runs, overwriting them. 

For example, if I have 36 possible combinations of hyper parameters, what I'll have at the end of the sweep is 36 local runs (with their 36 local folders) but I'll have less than half web app runs, because wandb syncs multiple local runs to the same remote (web app) runs. I can confirm the overwriting because by looking at the logs of these runs, I'll see that all of them have been synced to the same remote run, thus all will have the same remote id and the same wandb web app link.

The number of runs that is synced together is kinda random, in most of the cases is every two runs but sometimes is also happening every three or four.

What can I do to fix this? I cannot move wandb.init from the training script to the augmentation script for many reasons, moreover this didn't happen until 5/6 days ago, runs were still reported as crashed (very rarely though) and they were not overwritten but only considered as crashed.

The command that I use for the sweep is the following (we use slurm to launch jobs on our servers):
sbatch -c 12 --mem=16G --gpus=0 --time=7-00:00:00 --array=1-50%4 wandb agent --count 1 project/sweep_id

For all these runs, there's no error in the logs and the runs finish successfully locally, it's just a weird sync problem.

### Additional Files

_No response_

### Environment

WandB version: 0.12.16

OS: Ubuntu 20.04.4 LTS

Python version: 3.9.12


### Additional Context

_No response_

