TITLE:
[CLI]: using `~/.netrc` for storing auth breaks `requests` token auth

LABEL:
feature_request,cli,c:login

STATE:
open

BODY:
### Describe the bug

<!--- Description of the issue below  -->
Steps to reproduce:
1. Install wandb on localhost, do `wandb login`
2. Launch another web service, which uses HTTP Bearer authorization and runs on localhost on a different port.
3. Use python `requests` to work with the second web service.

Expected: second web service would work just like it did before wandb installation
Actual: second web service authorization is now broken.

Code snippet:
```python
import requests
req = requests.Request('GET', 'http://localhost:1234',headers={'Authorization': 'Bearer SECRET'})
print(requests.Session().prepare_request(req).headers['Authorization'])
```
Observe that the header value will be http basic auth with base64 encoded wandb token.

`wandb login` stores the credentials in `~/.netrc`. This file has been used for FTP and other network auth in the past, and some tools automatically pick it up. Popular python `requests` library is one of them. Unless you have `auth` kwarg explicitly specified, it'd try to use netrc:
- https://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/user/authentication/ 
- https://github.com/psf/requests/blob/main/requests/utils.py#L199

Bearer token authorization (i.e. `Authorization: Bearer <SECRET>` HTTP header) is a popular auth method for web services. It's simple enough that `requests` library recommends using it via `header` request kwarg instead of `auth`:
- https://github.com/psf/requests/issues/4437

In `requests` library, netrc takes precedence over the `Authorization` header:
- https://github.com/psf/requests/blob/main/requests/sessions.py#L481

So, once you do `wandb login`, `requests` library will always do HTTP Basic auth using wandb's netrc credentials for any service running on localhost, overriding the Bearer credentials.

### Additional Files

_No response_

### Environment

WandB version: `wandb==0.13.4`
OS: macOS 12.x
Python version: 3.9.x
Versions of relevant libraries: `requests==2.28.2`

### Additional Context

The `requests` library is a de facto standard http client library, and it's in a perpetual feature freeze. I don't see this as their issue, but rather wandb misusing `.netrc` for credential storage. Perhaps you could store them in `~/.config/wandb` or other well-known location instead?

