TITLE:
[CLI]: Crash During DDP Training With Child Process Errors

LABEL:
c:media,cli

STATE:
open

BODY:
### Describe the bug

Hello!

I'm using WandB within Pytorch Lightning and am experiencing a crash after a number of hours. It's hard to tell from the logs what is causing the crash but  I saw a similar issue https://github.com/wandb/wandb/issues/1994 that was apparently resolved. However, I'm still seeing pretty similar behavior and wondering if it has to do with WandB.

For what it's worth, my wandb workflow is pretty standard. I initialize a logger and log metrics during training and validation. I believe PTL ensures that all logging only happens from a single device. I am also logging videos every so often. I am logging them by passing in a numpy array to `wandb.Video` and passing that to the PTL API for `log_metrics`.

I'm attaching the crash logs (with sensitive information removed). The main two errors of note are:
`OSError: [Errno 9] Bad file descriptor`
`AssertionError: can only test a child process `

These errors are pretty new to me, however I recently upgraded Wandb to 0.13.x and PTL to 1.9.x. Other than taht though, my code hasn't changed all that much (which leads me to think it might be causes by one library or the other).

Thanks a lot for your help!

### Additional Files

[crash_log.txt](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/files/10962465/crash_log.txt)


### Environment

WandB version: 0.13.11

OS: Ubuntu 20.04

Python version: 3.8.11

Versions of relevant libraries:

Pytorch: 1.11.0+cu113

Pytorch Lightning: 1.9.4


### Additional Context

_No response_

