TITLE:
Sweeps: how to run agents using qsub job scheduling

LABEL:
c:misc

STATE:
closed

BODY:
`wandb --version && python --version && uname`

* Weights and Biases version: 0.9.1
* Python version: 3.7.7
* Operating System: Centos 6.5

### Description

Trying to run a sweep with `wandb agent`, but through `qsub` on a server. `wandb` command line interface works from login node but is not found by the executed job. Using the workaround https://github.com/lukas/ml-class/issues/24 (using `/path/to/my/python -m wandb.cli` in place of `wandb agent`) fixes the first `wandb` issue appears to execute the final training script with system python rather than the python at `/path/to/my/python`.

### What I Did/Longer description

Background detail: I am working on a cluster which uses `qsub` for job scheduling. In essence, this means you write a little `submission_script.sh`  which generally runs a few lines that set up an environment (e.g. `cd project_dir` etc) and then runs your main script. To run a Python script using a particular Python environment you run it explicitly like `/users/me/miniconda3/envs/my_env/bin/python -u train.py` .

This works nicely with `wandb` when `wandb` is only used within Python (i.e. not command line interface like `wandb agent`)

However, I'm now trying to run sweeps. 
My hope was I could simply put the line `wandb agent walter/myproject/sweepid02938`  into the `.sh` submission script. However, submitting this results in a failure with a `wandb: command not found` error. This is the first mystery/bug, though I deciding that it seemed plausible that `wandb` as a command line option was only installed on my login node so followed a workaround I found that suggested using `python -m wandb.cli agent` in place of `wandb agent` if the latter didn't work. 
Thus I instead used the line: `/users/me/miniconda3/envs/my_env/bin/python -m wandb.cli agent walter/myproject/sweepid02938`  in my `.sh` submission script. However, I now get Python ModuleNotFound errors (e.g. import git) which are not consistent with my environment, where this module exists. Indeed, running the above line from the login node rather than as a submission script works. 

Is this a known problem? Has anyone had success running sweeps with `wandb` on a `qsub` server?



