TITLE:
wandb sync not logging in while running wandb local

LABEL:
bug,stale

STATE:
closed

BODY:
## System Info
wandb: 0.9.7
python: 3.7.6
OS: Pop!_OS 20.04 LTS

## Description
I installed wandb 0.9.7, ran `wandb local`, navigated to http://localhost:8080, the webpage gave me a "Application Error" page. I clicked the refresh button provided on the page, created an account, it then asked me to change my password. When I entered in my new password, the page reloads and asks me repeatedly to change the password. However, if I click the icon in the upper right I can get to the profile page.

I tried to run `wandb sync MY_DRYRUN` and was asked to run `wandb login`. I ran `wandb login` and a webpage briefly appeared with the local API key, but then quickly switched to the Change Password prompt. However, I was able to get the local API key from when I clicked on the icon in the upper right corner before.

I paste the local API key into the command line and login successfully. I try to run the `wandb sync` command again and get the following:
```
user@pop-os:~$ wandb sync path/to/wandb/dryrun-20200828_220136-10kab6tp/
wandb: ERROR Error while calling W&B API: permission denied (<Response [401]>)
Error: Invalid or missing api_key.  Run wandb login
```
I'm not sure if this workaround has messed something up, but I cannot sync using `wandb local`. I know this is similar to #1222. The main difference is that now I am behind a company proxy. I did some work to try and fix that for `docker` and am able to run `docker run hello-world` successfully.

Any thoughts about what might be going on? 


