TITLE:
Adding artifacts to finished runs: graph view is not updated

LABEL:
c:misc

STATE:
closed

BODY:
I'm adding artifacts to a number of finished runs through the API: I have a second script, distinct from the training script that created the runs, to generate the artifacts and link them to the corresponding run.

For this purpose, the second script creates a new run, with job type `generate_artifacts`, generates the artifacts, logs them with `wandb.log_artifact(...)` and waits until they finish uploading, with the method you suggest in #1486. 

Then I fetch the artifacts using `artifact = wandb.Api().artifact(...)` and the original runs with `run = wandb.Api().run(...)` and use the API method `run.log_artifact(artifact)` to link them.

I'm using this method so that the artifacts are linked to both the training run they refer to and the run that actually created them. Furthermore I don't wand to potentially mess up the data of the original run.

For the most part this is working correctly: the artifacts are created and they show up as outputs of both runs (i.e. page `wandb.ai/_/_/runs/_/artifacts`). It appears the graph view of the artifact (i.e. page `wandb.ai/_/_/artifacts/_/_/_/graph`) is not updated though: the original runs do not show up here.

This issue doesn't occur if I resume the original runs and use `wandb.log_artifact(...)` to link the artifacts: in this case the graph view is correctly updated and shows both runs.

EDIT: although I've seen this working when I resumed the original runs, it seems that with the test case that I attached below, the graph view is not being updated in either case. It's broken in both.

## Environment
wandb 0.10.10
Python 3.8.6
macOS 10.15.7

## Reproducer
```python
import wandb

# Create the training run
train_run = wandb.init(job_type='train')
train_run.finish(0)

# Create the run that generates the artifacts
generate_run = wandb.init(job_type='generate_artifacts')

artifacts = []
for i in range(2):
    artifact = wandb.Artifact(f'test-artifact{i}', type='test')
    with artifact.new_file('test.txt', 'w') as f:
        f.write('Test case')
    generate_run.log_artifact(artifact, aliases='test')
    artifacts.append(artifact)

generate_run.finish(0)

# Link the artifact to the training run using the API
api = wandb.Api()
run = api.run(f'{train_run.project}/{train_run.id}')
artifact = api.artifact(f'{train_run.project}/test-artifact0:test', type='test')
run.log_artifact(artifact)
run.update()

# Resume the run and link the artifact using the traditional method
train_run2 = wandb.init(id=train_run.id, resume='must')
train_run2.log_artifact(artifacts[1])
train_run2.finish(0)
```


