TITLE:
CLI: TensorBoard no longer working in 0.10.+

LABEL:
bug,stale

STATE:
closed

BODY:
[From Ben in the W&B Forum](https://wb-forum.slack.com/archives/CL4V2QE59/p1607509654442500):

I recently upgraded from a somewhat outdated 0.9.* wandb version and noticed that sync_tensorboard doesn't work for me anymore from version 0.10.0 on. I see that the release notes mention some Tensorboard-related fixes here and there, but the issue also exists in the newest 0.10.12 version, so those fixes were perhaps for different issues.
Both Tensorflow and Tensorboard are version 2.3.0 . Perhaps W&B misses the Summary events somehow? It used to work in 0.9.1 at least, even with TF 2. Perhaps I have to explicitly point it to the directory the tfevent file is written to now somehow (not sure if there's an option for that)? 

We use TF2, but still have some legacy Estimator models. These log via tensorflow.python.summary.writer.writer, the integration with which was apparently removed in W&B 0.10.0  (the module was called TENSORBOARD_LEGACY_MODULE there).
I can get some plots to show up by setting wandb.integration.tensorboard.monkeypatch.ENSORBOARD_WRITER_MODULE="tensorflow.python.summary.writer.writer"  and setting tensorflowX=True to avoid the TF2-codepath that patches create_summary_file_writer instead.
Unfortunately not all plots show up yet and they also end up in different sections in W&B, perhaps because pre-0.10.0 W&B patched EventFileWriter.add_event and now the EventFileWriter is instead subclassed as TBXEventFileWriter with some custom callbacks.

As a workaround, copying the old add_event related code from the 0.9.7 release that still included it seems to be a workaround. I'd use it to patch tensorflow.python.summary.writer.writer manually, since otherwise it doesn't seem supported anymore in 0.10.0 or greater.

