TITLE:
[Feature] Show custom chart in all runs

LABEL:
feature_request,stale

STATE:
closed

BODY:
**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
When I create a custom chart, I usually want to see this chart in all runs.
Unfortunately it is usually not shown in other runs.

Sometimes it gets copied over to the next run, but usually it doesn't.
This might be because sometimes not all metrices get upload and then charts won't be display in the current run and thus the next run can't copy from them. I.e. metrices that appear during evaluation every x'th step but I stop the run before evaluation.

Example scenario: During evaluation I create multiple metrices.
Later on I would like to display them in one chart and not see 5 lines in 5 different charts.
Thus I create a custom chart. However as I am debugging my model, I will often stop and rerun.
Unfortunately I have to create the custom chart over and over again and also have to delete the plots with only one line.

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A functionality where you can select something like this for any chart:
"show chart in all runs (if possible)"

Also for hiding ("hide chart in all runs")
Otherwise a lot of unwanted charts are shown in every run.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
Maybe you can create a board and store it as "board X".
Now in any run you can switch between boards.
This would give you the opportunity to look at runs in different ways.

Though I feel like the first solution is more intuitive.


Thank you very much.

