TITLE:
[Q] How to programmatically launch runs belonging to specific sweep

LABEL:
bug,c:sweeps

STATE:
open

BODY:
Following the example in https://github.com/wandb/client/issues/1063#issuecomment-635444635, I'd like to not just create multiple runs in the project, but also to assign them to different sweeps. A use-case scenario: each sweep corresponds to a different model with its own unique set of hyperparameters.

I tried local controller functionality, but it seems to work only with "offline" sweeps, e.g. it doesn't sync them to the project and it doesn't work with sweeps that were created online.

I'd also like to avoid using  `wandb.agent` calls. The reason is that agent imposes certain restrictions on the program logic. In my case, grid-search is controlled by an external program not wandb, and I'd like to control the number of runs  externally and not by setting the `count` argument of the agent. Currently, calling it like this 
```
`wandb.agent(sweepid, function=multi_run_func, count=1)`
```
where `multi_run_func` relaunches runs with `wandb.init(reinit=True)` doesn't behave as expected - **everything gets recorded into a single run**.

Running it as  `wandb.agent(sweepid, function=single_run_func, count=n_runs)` works, but creates complications as I have custom grid-search logic explained above. Also, I noted that using wandb.agent calls from a script generates a warning message for every new run saying:
```
signal only works in main thread of the main interpreter
```
which looks like something that may interfere with the results and/or execution reliability.


So, is there any alternative programmatic way to specify which sweep a run should belong to? Or am I missing something in the configuration of `wandb.agent` call that would allow having `count=1` and still be able to launch multiple runs belonging to a specific sweep? 

Thanks!

P.S. The entire code snippet for demonstrating the problem with calling multiple runs within `wandb.agent`:

```python
import random
import wandb

def single_run():
    with wandb.init(reinit=False):
        wandb.log({'loss': random.random()})

def multi_run(n_runs):
    for _ in range(n_runs):
        with wandb.init(reinit=True):
            wandb.log({'loss': random.random()})

if __name__ == '__main__':
    n_runs = 5
    sweepid = 'test_entity/test_project/test_sweep'

    print('\n=== Runs controlled by wandb.agent ===\n')
    wandb.agent(sweepid, function=single_run, count=n_runs)


    print('\n=== Runs controlled by provided function ===\n')
    wandb.agent(sweepid, function=lambda: multi_run(n_runs), count=1)
```
This code creates only 6 runs (instead of 10). The first 5 runs are from `single_run` function being called `count=5` times by the agent. The last run is from `multi_run` function, that attempts to create new runs by providing `reinit=True`, but the setting is simply ignored by the agent, which results in all data being overwritten 5 times within a single run. The agent also generated 10 warnings `signal only works in main thread of the main interpreter`. Tested on different wandb versions from 0.10.28 to 0.10.32.


