TITLE:
[Feature]: Hyperparameter sliders for logged media

LABEL:
feature_request,app

STATE:
open

BODY:
### Description

I'm doing a grid search where the primary output is a `matplotlib` figure, rather than a scalar value like loss or accuracy. To be specific, I'm searching over a grid of deep learning hyperparameters and plotting the randomly initialised model's output to check for any pathological artefacts (such as checkerboard artefacts) in the model's output image prediction.

I would like to be able to use `wandb`'s sweep feature to create a custom chart with multiple sliders (one for each hyperparameter), showing the matplotlib image associated with that set of hypers.

I guess sliders would only makes sense for a grid search. If using random or Bayes search, the hypers won't lie on a grid, so you can't vary one hyperparameter with a slider and expect there to be results with all the other hypers kept fixed. But perhaps there would be a drop-down alternative that would work for random/Bayes search.

I've seen other feature requests here about varying the x-axis of image sliders (https://github.com/wandb/client/issues/3042), but I would like *multiple* sliders as well as custom parameters for the sliders.

I think this would be super useful beyond my specific use case. What I am looking for is something similar to `wandb`'s amazing 'parallel coordinates' sweep plot, but designed for an image (or generic chart) rather than a scalar.

Apologies if functionality for this already exists, but I haven't been able to find it in the docs.

### Suggested Solution

Multiple custom sliders for logged media (such as `wandb.Image`s) based on logged parameters or grid-search sweep config.

For random search or Bayes search where the search vector isn't on a grid, varying one slider could cause the other sliders to snap to the closest measured values.

Example layout:
```
[IMAGE]
* n_layers <------>
* filter_size <------->
```

### Alternatives

_No response_

### Additional Context

_No response_

