TITLE:
[Feature]: support true deletion of run / history

LABEL:
feature_request,c:rewind

STATE:
open

BODY:
### Description

I am the author of Dora (https://github.com/facebookresearch/dora), a framework for experiment and grid search management. A key notion in Dora is that experiments are uniquely identified by a hash of their hyper parameters (more precisely, the hyper parameters that differ from a base config). This means for instance that when scheduling twice the same grid search, Dora can automatically find that a given set of hyper-parameters has already been scheduled, and avoid entirely duplicated runs issues. This hash is also a very convenient way of identifying an experiment, that will be constant across users and time.

I would like to use the Dora hash signature as an id in wandb, as this makes a number of things more convenient (like knowing easily the URL for a given experiment). However, it is currently not possible because there is no way to truely erase a run or its history from WanDB. In particular, if I run an experiment with a given Dora signature, and then wipe out its checkpoint (for instance there was a bug in the implementation), then I cannot reuse the same id with wandb. Setting `resume = False` won't solve the issue, as this doesn't wipe out the history, only seem to overwrite gradually which is not really nice.

Of course I could use a different WanDB id each time, but I thought in my case it it much nicer to have the possibility to use the Dora signature hash, which saves me the trouble of having to save anywhere the mapping with a WanDb id. I also tried deleting the run with `run.delete()` but this is not a true delete as it doesn't really free the id for later reuse.

### Suggested Solution

Give the freedom for your users to really delete entries. Give the freedom to your users to rewrite history as they see fit. I get it that you want to enforce some safety for the majority of the people, but for some specific use case and integration with other tools, allowing for more control over what is stored would be awesome.

### Alternatives

_No response_

### Additional Context

_No response_

