TITLE:
[CLI]: Can't change save_dir in wandb + PyTorchLightning

LABEL:
cli

STATE:
closed

BODY:
Hi,

I'm trying to change the local save directory for my experiments so they don't get stored under the default "wandb" folder. I'm instantiating a WandbLogger instance from PyTorch Lightning as shown below, passing "save_dir" as one of the parameters. However, when running the code it seems like this does nothing. The new experiment is created (I can see it on the web app), but it doesn't seem to be saved anywhere locally.

Example:
```python 
# Imports
...
from pytorch_lightning.loggers import WandbLogger

# Instantiate logger
wandb_logger = WandbLogger(
        config=cfg,
        save_dir="results/EXP_NAME"
)
```

I've tried different combinations of this, for example adding only "save_dir='wandb'" in the configuration, and this creates a nested "wandb" folder inside the original "wandb" folder. Anything else though, such as "save_dir='results/EXP_NAME'" just lead to the above, where the local files are saved nowhere. So the only way is to remove the save_dir parameter and then have all my experiments save in the default wandb.

Can someone help debug this? Thanks in advance.

### Environment

WandB version: 0.12.10

OS: Linux 5.13.0-1025-aws

Python version:3.8.12

Versions of relevant libraries:
pytorch-lightning         1.5.9


### Additional Context

I'm also using hydra to instantiate the wandb object and pass the parameters, but I have tried doing it without it (like the code given above) for more simplicity, with the same problem.

