TITLE:
Feature Request: Bar charts or tables in reports

LABEL:
enhancement

STATE:
closed

BODY:
Hello!
 
I'm new to wandb and have been exploring it and other experiment logging solutions to see what makes the most sense for my needs. A more unique feature of wandb that I really like is the reports feature, which seems like a convenient way summarize key results to share with others on the team (or just keep organized for your own sanity).

However, currently the kinds of visualizations available to tell a story in a report seems somewhat limited.

I was wondering if it was possible or planned to add a bar chart or table of single metrics between runs. Currently the only option only seems to be an option to add line charts. This is fine, but a lot of times I only care about one result of an experiment to compare with others (final loss, highest accuracy, compute time, etc), and having a spaghetti of lines over the whole training just adds clutter and cognitive burden when interpreting.

It would be great if one could select a bar chart with customizable x, y, and hue (or "barmode" grouping in plotly) to compare runs.

If not a bar chart, a table with customizable rows and column parameters would also work for comparing results between runs, and is something that is presented all the time in papers.

I understand you can log custom plots and tables during a run, but this does not seem to help when comparing between runs.

Alternatively, without bar charts visualizations or table, how have others found the best way to compare non-step-dependent results between runs?

